Clarify DDA deletion order (#24723)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/guide/operator-advanced.md

```shell
kubectl delete datadogagent datadog
helm delete my-datadog-operator
```

> It is important to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource and let the Operator perform a cleanup. When `DatadogAgent` resource is created in a cluster, Operator adds a finalizer to prevent deletion until it finishes the cleanup of resources it created. If Operator is uninstalled first, attempt to delete `DatadogAgent` resource will be blocked indefinitely, this will block namespace deletion as well. A workaround in this situation is to remove the `metadata.finalizers` value form `DatadogAgent` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource and let Operator perform a cleanup. When the `DatadogAgent` resource is created in a cluster, Operator adds a finalizer to prevent deletion until it finishes the cleanup of resources it created. If Operator is uninstalled first, attempts to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource are blocked indefinitely; this will block namespace deletion as well. A workaround in this situation is to remove the `metadata.finalizers` value form `DatadogAgent` resource.
```

> It is important to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource and let Operator perform a cleanup. When the `DatadogAgent` resource is created in a cluster, Operator adds a finalizer to prevent deletion until it finishes the cleanup of resources it created. If Operator is uninstalled first, attempts to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource are blocked indefinitely; this will block namespace deletion as well. A workaround in this situation is to remove the `metadata.finalizers` value form `DatadogAgent` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource and let Operator perform a cleanup. When the `DatadogAgent` resource is created in a cluster, Operator adds a finalizer to prevent deletion until it finishes the cleanup of resources it created. If Operator is uninstalled first, attempts to delete the `DatadogAgent` resource are blocked indefinitely; this will block namespace deletion as well. A workaround in this situation is to remove the `metadata.finalizers` value from `DatadogAgent` resource.
```
